given a particular configuration of hyper parameters, right? So we will have a surrogate
model. At the same time, we cannot estimate this for all possible combinations or all possible
configurations, right? We want to minimize the number of iterations. So we need an acquisition
function also. So this acquisition function will guide the search. Guide the search means if you
are familiar with the concept of reinforcement learning, if you are familiar with reinforcement
learning with the idea behind say multi-arm bandits and all this is quite similar to that
where this acquisition function will have the opportunity to explore either explore or exploit.
Exploit means what it means is basically we know that these regions are doing well. If we know that
these regions are doing well, we will try to for the next iteration when it goes for an exploit option,
it will try to choose data points around this region. Okay, so it will go for data points in this
in this particular zone. That would be exploit. Explore would be it will try to find out or try to test out
data points that is farther away right randomly to choose some other point somewhere in the board